Generally:
- Check for typos, grammatical and punctuation errors.
- Since it is a group assignment, you can describe the input and contributions of each individual to your project. - All your sub-heading should be well formatted (The ones having '###')
- The presentation can be better. Your headings should be well defined and you can also check for typo and punctuation errors in your explanations.
- Your research question should answer why you want to carry out this study.


1. It will be a good idea if you can implement a button to toggle betwenn showing/hiding your codes (inputs) on jupyter notebook, it will make your work neater and more organized to read.

2. Replace all pie charts in your work with an alternative graph type. The pie chart is not informative enough and encouraged for exploratory analysis for this study.

3. At the beginning of your project, you should provide sectioning and a description of your resarch. They include headings such as executive summary,, introduction, research question,  methodology, data description, hypothesis. And at the end of this part 1, there should be a correlation between your data analysis and the research question you want to answer.

4. What data-wrangling procedures did you implement in this study? How did you clean your dataset? Describe the processes if any.

5. Include headings and sub-headings to show what next you want step to harness easy readability.

6. For your input cells,  use a prior cell to explain what you want to achieve in the next input cell for clarity. 

7. For each of the visual diagrams, make an explanation below the diagram pointing to the diagram you are explaining to avoid mismatch and missing of concepts.

8. The workflow is okay, but headings should be added for easy comprehension.

9. Briefly explain the relationship between wave1, wave2, and wave3 as it has been described in the study.

10. Is there any correlation variables that you want to observe between the three waves?